Add HTTP server example with Hummingbird middleware (#76)
slashmo/swift-otel: Examples/Server/README.md

# HTTP Server Example

An HTTP server that uses middleware to emit traces for each HTTP request.

> **Disclaimer:** This example is deliberately simplified and is intended for
> illustrative purposes only.

## Overview

This example package configures and starts a Hummingbird HTTP server along with
its associated middleware for instrumentation.

## Testing

The example uses [Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose) to run a set of
containers to collect and visualize the traces from the server, which is
running on your local machine.

> ```none

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this illustration, looks great! 👍

receiver and a Jaeger exporter. The Collector is also configured with a debug
exporter so we can see the events it receives in the container logs.

### Running the collector and visualization containers

In one terminal window, run the following command:

```console
% docker compose -f docker/docker-compose.yaml up
[+] Running 2/2
 ✔ Container docker-jaeger-1          Created                       0.5s
 ✔ Container docker-otel-collector-1  Created                       0.5s
...
```

At this point the tracing collector and visualization tools are running.

### Running the server

Now, in another terminal, run the server locally using the following command:

```console
% swift run
```

### Making some requests

Finally, in a third terminal, make a few requests to the server:

```console
% for i in {1..5}; do curl localhost:8080/hello; done
hello
hello
hello
hello
hello
```

You should see log messages from the server for each request and each log line
should include an OTel `trace_id` field.

### Visualizing the traces using Jaeger UI

Visit Jaeger UI in your browser at [localhost:16686](http://localhost:16686).

> Select `HelloWorldServer` from the dropdown and click `Find Traces`, or use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select `example_server` from the dropdown and click `Find Traces`, or use
```
You configured `service.name` to be `example_server` so I'd expect the service name in Jaeger to reflect that.

Author: Good catch, thanks—fixed.
